Added documentation for Azure Pipelines Demands (#685)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.8/scalers/azure-pipelines.md

- `personalAccessTokenFromEnv` - Name of the environment variable that provides the personal access token (PAT) for Azure DevOps. Learn more about how to create one [in the official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page).
- `targetPipelinesQueueLength` - Target value for the amount of pending jobs in the queue to scale on. (Default: `1`, Optional)
  - Example - If one pod can handle 10 jobs, set the queue length target to 10. If the actual number of jobs in the queue is 30, the scaler scales to 3 pods.

> - `parent` - Put the name of the ADO agent that matched the ScaledJob. e.g. mavenagent-scaledjob may have an initial deployment called "mavenagent-keda-template"; this is the deployment that is made offline. This name is provided to the initial deployment as the environment variable "AZP_NAME"

Reviewer: I'd not say `ScaledJob` because this trigger can be used to in ScaledObject

> - `demands` - Put the demands string that was provided to the ScaledJob. This MUST be a subset of the actual capability list the agent has. e.g. `maven,docker`

Reviewer: Same as a above

Finally, it is also possible get the pool ID from the response of a HTTP request by calling the `https://dev.azure.com/{organizationName}/_apis/distributedtask/pools?poolname={agentPoolName}` endpoint in the key `value[0].id`.

> ### Supporting Demands in Agents ###

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Supporting demands in agents
```

> Parent Template: Azure Devops is able to determine which agents can match any job its is waiting for. If you specify a parent template then KEDA will further interrogate the job request to determine if the parent is able to fulfil the job. If the parent is able to complete the job it scales up the ScaledJob to fulfil it. The parent template is generally offline must stays in the Pool's Agent list.
> 
> Demand List: KEDA will determine which agents can fulfil the job based on the demands provided. The demands are provided as a comma separated list and must be a subset of the actual capabilities of the agent. (Note: Agent.Version is ignored)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TODO: Add some intro here before listing approaches:

- **Using Parent:** Azure DevOps is able to determine which agents can match any job it is waiting for. If you specify a parent template then KEDA will further interrogate the job request to determine if the parent is able to fulfill the job. If the parent is able to complete the job it scales the workload fulfill the request. The parent template that is generally offline must stay in the Pool's Agent list.

- **Using demands:** KEDA will determine which agents can fulfill the job based on the demands provided. The demands are provided as a comma-separated list and must be a subset of the actual capabilities of the agent. (For example `someexamplehere`. Note: `Agent.Version` is ignored)
```

Can we add a link to the official parent & demands doc per entry?

Author: I can add links for demands, but parent is an internal concept to support this model, its not Microsoft's

> Evaluation order is: 
> 1) If neither parent nor demands is set in the ScaledJob is will scale up the ScaledJob to fulfil the job. 
> 2) If parent is set in the ScaledJob then KEDA will interrogate the job request to determine if the parent is able to fulfil the job. If the parent is able to complete the job it scales up the ScaledJob to fulfil it. 
> 3) Finally, if the demands are set in the ScaledJob then KEDA will determine which agents can fulfil the job based on the demands provided.
> 
> > Note: If more than one ScaledJob is able to fulfil the demands of the job then they will both spin up an agent; this is as each ScaledJob is independent of each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KEDA will use the following evaluation order is: 
1) If neither parent nor demands are defined in the scaling definition, it will scale the workload to fulfill the job. 
2) If `parent` is set,  KEDA will interrogate the job request to determine if the parent is able to fulfill the job. If the parent is able to complete the job it scales the workload to fulfill the request. 
3) Finally, if the demands are set in the scaling definition then KEDA will determine which agents can fulfill the job based on the demands provided.

> Note: If more than one scaling definition is able to fulfill the demands of the job then they will both spin up an agent.
```

> #### How it works under the hood.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### How it works under the hood
```

> Azure Devops has a Job Request API with returns a list of all agents which can potentially match up to the Queued Job. KEDA will scan this request to find any matching template from the defined parent in the ScaledJob definition. Once it finds it, it will spin up a ScaledJob that matched the definition and Azure DevOps will assign to that agent.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link to the API?

Author: This is a bit of aa weird one. I'm using the same API that keda has always used, but this API is actually not disclosed by Microsoft. There API stops at /pool/id; there is a deeper internal API which is /pool/id/JobRequests. This is undocumented on the MS site I believe

    metadata:
      poolID: "1"
      organizationURLFromEnv: "AZP_URL"
      parent: "example-keda-template"
      demands: "maven,docker"
    authenticationRef:
     name: pipeline-trigger-auth
```

> ###Example for Parent Deployment or StatefulSet

Reviewer: I'm not sure about having the requirement of an agent for doing nothing TBH. I prefer to register the agent manually in the AzDO UI than creating a deployment only for that.
WDYT @kedacore/keda-contributors ?

Reviewer: My concern is that you have your own business logic to manage this and it works with your use case, but it's managed by your side, not by KEDA. IMO,  we should be most agnostics as possible and use the upstream tools for doing the upstream things. Obviously, we can add a "tip" suggesting the approach, having to deploy (and potentially delete) the deployment only to upgrade the agent in AzDO could be a complex action if you only have 2-3 different agents.

Maybe I'm overthinking about this and that's why I'd like to get the opinion of other @kedacore/keda-contributors but it's more a thing about how we document the feature than an issue with the feature itself (In fact, it's already approved :) ).
